[Excel] (Troubleshooting) Add Known Issues article section (#2355)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-troubleshooting.md

See [Coauthoring in Excel add-ins](co-authoring-in-excel-add-ins.md) for patterns to use with events in a coauthoring environment. The article also discusses potential merge conflicts when using certain APIs, such as [`TableRowCollection.add`](/javascript/api/excel/excel.tablerowcollection#add-index--values-).

## Known Issues

> ### Binding events ID discrepancy

Reviewer: I'm not sure "discrepancy" is how we should describe this. It makes it sound like a bug instead of an async design limitation. We could make the header reflect the underlying issue with something like "Binding events return temporary binding objects" or "Getting bindings from the temporary binding objects passed to events".

> Both [BindingDataChangedEventArgs.binding](/javascript/api/excel/excel.bindingdatachangedeventargs#binding) and [BindingSelectionChangedEventArgs.binding](/javascript/api/excel/excel.bindingselectionchangedeventargs#binding) return a temporary `Binding` object that contains the ID of the `Binding` object that raised the event. Use this ID with `BindingCollection.getItem(id)` to retrieve the `Binding` object that raised the event.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to avoid repetition.
```suggestion
Both [BindingDataChangedEventArgs.binding](/javascript/api/excel/excel.bindingdatachangedeventargs#binding) and [BindingSelectionChangedEventArgs.binding](/javascript/api/excel/excel.bindingselectionchangedeventargs#binding) return a temporary `Binding` object that contains the ID of the `Binding` object that raised the event. Use this ID with `BindingCollection.getItem(id)` to retrieve the relevant `Binding` object.
```

Author: I agree that this sentence is repetitive (and I actually had it phrased exactly like your suggestion at one point), but I think the explicit repetition is helpful because there are technically two relevant `Binding` objects. It's such a confusing concept that I want to be ax explicit as possible.

> The following code sample first shows how to assign an event listener to a binding, and then call the `getBindingId` method when the `onDataChanged` event is triggered. In the `getBindingId` method, the code sample then demonstrates how to use the ID of the temporary `Binding` object to retrieve the `Binding` object that raised the event.

Reviewer: Consider leading with the reason the sample exists, before going into more detail.
```suggestion
The following code sample shows how to use this temporary binding ID to retrieve the related `Binding` object. In the sample, an event listener is assigned to a binding. The listener calls the `getBindingId` method when the `onDataChanged` event is triggered. The `getBindingId` method uses the ID of the temporary `Binding` object to retrieve the `Binding` object that raised the event.
```

```js
Excel.run(function (context) {
    // Retrieve your binding.
    var binding = context.workbook.bindings.getItemAt(0);

    return context.sync().then(function () {
        // Register an event listener to detect changes to your binding

>         // and then trigger the `getBindingId` method on change. 

Reviewer: Nit: consider making the comment more explicit about what the event is.
```suggestion
        // and then trigger the `getBindingId` method when the data changes. 
```

        binding.onDataChanged.add(getBindingId);

        return context.sync();
    });
});

function getBindingId(eventArgs) {
    return Excel.run(function (context) {
        // Get the temporary binding object and load its ID. 
        var tempBindingObject = eventArgs.binding;
        tempBindingObject.load("id");

        // Use the temporary binding object's ID to retrieve the original binding object. 
        var originalBindingObject = context.workbook.bindings.getItem(tempBindingObject.id);

        // You now have the binding object that raised the event: `originalBindingObject`. 
    });
}
```

### Cell format `useStandardHeight` and `useStandardWidth` issues

> The [useStandardHeight](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellpropertiesformat#useStandardHeight) property of `CellPropertiesFormat` doesn't work properly in Excel on the web. Due to a bug in the Excel on the web UI, setting the `useStandardHeight` property to `true` will calculate height imprecisely on this platform. For example, a standard height of **14** will be modified to **14.25** in Excel on the web.

Reviewer: Favor "issue" over "bug".
```suggestion
The [useStandardHeight](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellpropertiesformat#useStandardHeight) property of `CellPropertiesFormat` doesn't work properly in Excel on the web. Due to an issue in the Excel on the web UI, setting the `useStandardHeight` property to `true` will calculate height imprecisely on this platform. For example, a standard height of **14** will be modified to **14.25** in Excel on the web.
```

> The [useStandardHeight](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellpropertiesformat#useStandardHeight) property of `CellPropertiesFormat` doesn't work properly in Excel on the web. Due to a bug in the Excel on the web UI, setting the `useStandardHeight` property to `true` will calculate height imprecisely on this platform. For example, a standard height of **14** will be modified to **14.25** in Excel on the web.

Reviewer: Is there a GitHub issue in office-js tracking this issue? We could link to it from here.

Author: According to [internal tracking](https://office.visualstudio.com/OC/_workitems/edit/4588134), this is not an API issue, it's a platform issue related to pixel sizing conversion. I don't think there's anything public I can link to.

> In addition, the [useStandardHeight](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellpropertiesformat#useStandardHeight) and [useStandardWidth](/javascript/api/excel/excel.cellpropertiesformat#useStandardWidth) properties of `CellPropertiesFormat` are only intended to be set to `true`. Setting these properties to `false` has no effect. 

Reviewer: Is this true in just Excel on the web or other platforms?

Author: The `false` idiosyncrasy is present on all platforms. I will clarify this.

> ### Range `getImage` method

Reviewer: Consider letting the header convey most of the issue.
```suggestion
### Range `getImage` method unsupported on Excel for Mac
```
